hey guys so I wanted to show you guys um
my little find I guess I'm a 99-cent
store head I love shopping there and um
I don't know if you guys noticed but
sometimes they sell this adhesive stuff
like the contact paper I guess is called
I saw this and I thought it was a goodie
so I bought it and usually it's for like
sit inside of your drawers or like I did
the outside of my drawers but um I gone
over to my cousins and she had her
laptop and she had a really pretty cover
and um something kind of similar to this
that it was green with like a different
design and I was looking at it and she
said all it was was something similar to
contact paper they send you the you know
the exact size and you like peel it off
like a sticker and place it on your
laptop and since I really like this I
decided to do it on my laptop and it
works beautifully and so here is mine
exact same contact paper there's no like
oops I just tripped on and for the HP
all I did was just get a blade and then
when you push your finger around it you
can kind of see the outside you just cut
around it and it's a little bit messy
but around the HP is kind of crooked but
I mean for $1 I mean that's pretty cool
and it sticks very well but it comes off
kind of easy like that super super easy
but it does come off so let's say if you
wanted to change it and you found a
really nice different contact paper at
the 99 you know we've cut it but since I
already did this I was supposed to
record it but I wasn't thinking about it
I'll just do it again
on this itty bitty laptop or netbook
whatever you want to call it um I'm
pretty to show you guys know how to oh
look there's a k-rock sticker on there
thanks to my uncle um I'm pretty sure
this is really simple but I have this
others
contact paper it has like these green
bumpy things on it that I think are
really cool so and I'm just going to
show you guys how I did it
so first I'm just going to cut out cut
off a piece doesn't have to be this is
this is just so that you can have like a
whole entire roll turn work with and
then I'm going to lay it face down okay
say and then I'm going to place my
laptop face down just like that and then
you're going to take a pen right off to
get but I'm going to take a pen and then
just trace your nap top a try to bend
the pen in just a slight bit like if you
tilt it this way um so that you're kind
of getting closer to the actual type so
it's not like wider than it should be
then you can just cut it out and then
cut out your
you
do and peel it off and this is going to
be the longest part of the video you try
and peel
only do vice about that much just peel
it all off yet um
place it as best as possible
and there's also so many different kinds
of glue that you can put on here there I
know there's like a spray glue that you
can buy I bought at one time it looks
really well
it's like spray paint but it's actually
glue and it works on so many things okay
you're going to get a k-rock sticker
through mine but this is just a
demonstration I'm not going to do this
and so peel it off and just flatten up
the thing
and Wawa there is your laptop cover like
this with absolutely no bubbles and
completely flat fairly easy and it looks
really cool especially if you find a
really nice contact paper design but
yeah that's pretty much it and I hope
you guys enjoyed